Add cheyenne gnu and pgi and other features (#319)
CICE-Consortium/Icepack: doc/source/user_guide/ug_running.rst

- To change namelist, manually edit the **icepack_in** file
- To change batch settings, manually edit the top of the **icepack.run** or **icepack.test** (if running a test) file
- When the run scripts are submitted, the current **icepack_in**, **icepack.settings**, and **env.[machine]** files are copied from the case directory into the run directory.  Users should generally not edit files in the run directory as these are overwritten when following the standard workflow.  **icepack.settings** can be sourced to establish the case values in the login shell.  An alias like the following can be established to quickly switch between case and run directories::

    alias  cdrun 'cd `\grep "setenv ICE_RUNDIR"  icepack.settings | awk "{print "\$"NF}"`'
    alias cdcase 'cd `\grep "setenv ICE_CASEDIR" icepack.settings | awk "{print "\$"NF}"`'

- To turn on the debug compiler flags, set ``ICE_BLDDEBUG`` in **icepack.setttings** to true

> - To change compiler options, manually edit the Macros file.  To add user define CPP build flags, users can modify ``ICE_CPPDEFS`` in **icepack.settings**.

Reviewer: typo: define should be defined

> - To change compiler options, manually edit the Macros file.  To add user define CPP build flags, users can modify ``ICE_CPPDEFS`` in **icepack.settings**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To change compiler options, manually edit the Macros file.  To add user defined preprocessor macros, users can modify ``ICE_CPPDEFS`` in **icepack.settings**.
```

I'd suggest using standard software engineering terminology, a quick Google search reveals "cppdefs" is not much used outside the climate/weather/environmental modelling communities...

Reviewer 2: aslo I think we can drop "users can", the rest of the bullets are all in the imperative mode.

The **icepack.setup** script creates a case directory.  However, the model 
is actually built and run under the ``ICE_OBJDIR`` and ``ICE_RUNDIR`` directories
as defined in the **icepack.settings** file.  It's important to note that when the

> run scripts are submitted, the current **icepack_in**, **icepack.settings**, and **env.[machine]**

Reviewer: "... when the run script is submitted..."  ?
